feat(unity): Added Programmatic Configuration (#4742)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/includes/configuration/config-intro/unity.mdx

In order to provide native crash support, the Sentry SDK for Unity includes platform-specific (that is, Native) SDKs, such as [Android](/platforms/android/), [Apple](/platforms/apple/guides/ios/), and [Native](/platforms/native/).

> By default, we initialize the native SDKs before Unity itself runs and the Sentry SDK with the [BeforeSceneLoad RuntimeInitializeOnLoadMethodAttribute](https://docs.unity3d.com/ScriptReference/RuntimeInitializeLoadType.BeforeSceneLoad.html). This allows us to capture bugs/crashes of the engine itself, any native plugin, and anything written in C#. The setup for the native SDKs happens during build time, which is why we rely on the options being set in the Sentry editor configuration window and saved to `Assets/Resources/Sentry/SentryOptions.asset`. To provide a way to modify options programmatically, we've added `ScriptableOptionsConfiguration` to the `Option Config`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, we initialize the native SDKs before the Unity engine itself. That means it also runs before the C# layer of the Sentry SDK, because it relies on [BeforeSceneLoad RuntimeInitializeOnLoadMethodAttribute](https://docs.unity3d.com/ScriptReference/RuntimeInitializeLoadType.BeforeSceneLoad.html) to get initialized. This allows us to capture bugs/crashes of the engine itself, any native plugin, and anything written in C#. The setup for the native SDKs happens during build time, which is why we rely on the options being set in the Sentry editor configuration window and saved to `Assets/Resources/Sentry/SentryOptions.asset`. To provide a way to modify options programmatically, we've added `ScriptableOptionsConfiguration` to the `Option Config` tab in the Sentry editor window. 

You can click the button _Create options configuration_ to get the C# scriptable object added to your project.
```
